my skin carotene and yeah
I'm missing anything some water in my
jeans and the water that's hands
just pop on your face it was a little
damp next I'm just gonna be taking my
Clearasil Ultra daily face wash you can
get this from Target it's supposedly
five hundred percent of acne um yeah
it's really recommended from
dermatologists as it says right there um
so I'm just even taking it and I put
about a quarter amount like about that
much might be a little or a lot to you
but it's good for me and then I just rub
it on my fingers on my tip of the
fingers and I just rub it all over my
face like that and you know you can now
I just let it sit for about five to ten
minutes okay I let it sit for five to
ten minutes and now it's time to take it
off so you're just getting take any
washcloths I'm just using this pink one
because pink is my favorite color
obviously um so just skip that white
like this make sure it's like your water
so now I'm just gonna be taking the
washcloth in this keeps wiping it off my
face
okay now that I even have washed your
face wash off take any moisturizer
that's your favorite I'm just using the
clean and clear dual action moisturizer
and it's oil free
I really recommend oil-free moisturizer
is because it then it your your like
face is not only light after you put
moisturizer on and I really like this
one and it treats them helps pimples as
it says right there focus camera yeah so
I'm just need me squirting a look you
can get this from Target for like five
dollars I think and I'm just gonna be
squirting to sports
actually that much and I like to put on
the tips of my fingers and this rub that
and yeah so that's nice in guaranty and
I hope you guys enjoyed watching this
video if you have any other product
suggestions leave it in the comments
below and if you want to show me your
skincare routine you are more than
welcome to leave it as a video response
to this video and have a great day guys
bye